Rephrased sentece (#29277)
github/docs: content/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent.md

{% data reusables.ssh.key-type-support %}

{% data reusables.command_line.open_the_multi_os_terminal %}

> 1. Paste the text below, substituting the email with your {% data variables.product.product_name %} email address.

Reviewer: Improving your suggestion, and using the verb `to replace` instead as it's more commonly used and understood.

```suggestion
1. Paste the text below, replacing the email used in the example with your {% data variables.product.product_name %} email address.
```
